doc: update nRF54L15 gs (#14744)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/device_guides/working_with_nrf/nrf54l/ug_nrf54l15_gs.rst

If something does not work as expected, contact Nordic Semiconductor support.

> .. _ug_nrf54l15_gs_installing_software:

Reviewer: There is a sentence, in this file,
"In the limited sampling release, the nRF54L15 PDK comes preprogrammed with the Blinky sample."
The sentence "In the limited sampling release" can likely be removed here.

Reviewer: In the Next steps chapter, there are links to some PDFs that requires authentication.

Author: removed the line. 
The PDFs are leftovers from the cs3 release, I think we need to discuss what to do with them and if they're still applicable

> Installing the required software
> ********************************

Reviewer 2: Not really sure if this section is needed. We're mentioning the available terminal emulators in https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/test_and_optimize.html .
Maybe just:
```suggestion
Additional software
********************

You will need a :ref:`terminal emulator <test_and_optimize>` to program the sample and read the logs.
The recommended emulators are `nRF Connect Serial Terminal`_ or the nRF Terminal (part of the `nRF Connect for Visual Studio Code`_ extension).

.. note::
   The |nRFVSC| GUI does not yet support the nRF54L15.

```

On your computer, install the `nRF Connect for Desktop`_.

> You must also install a terminal emulator, such as `nRF Connect Serial Terminal`_ (from the nRF Connect for Desktop application) or the nRF Terminal (part of the `nRF Connect for Visual Studio Code`_ extension).

Reviewer 2: You don't have to install the nRF Terminal, it's part of the nRF Connect for VSC extension, which is the recommended IDE.
```suggestion
You must also have a terminal emulator installed, such as `nRF Connect Serial Terminal`_ (one of the nRF Connect for Desktop applications) or the nRF Terminal (part of the `nRF Connect for Visual Studio Code`_ extension).
```

Author: thanks, comments applied

.. _ug_nrf54l15_gs_sample:

> 

Reviewer 2: New line 77 (old line 365): Please don't use two different ways for showcasing code lines. In line 372/84 you use the code-block, so please replace :: with the code-block.

> 

Reviewer 2: Line 81/369: The standard command is ``west flash --erase``, as per https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/config_and_build/programming.html . Can we just link to the programming guide instead of writing the command here? Once a user does it once, it is not needed to mention this command here.

> 

Reviewer 2: Lines 376/88 - 391/103: This note is not needed. The information about what readback protection is and how to recover is available here: https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/config_and_build/programming.html#optional-programming-parameters -- can you link here instead?
``
 When programming the device, you might get an error mentioning the readback protection of the device.
 To get around the error, :ref:`program the device with the ``-recover`` parameter <programming_params>`.
``

1. Connect the nRF54L15 PDK to you computer using the IMCU USB port on the PDK.
#. Navigate to the :file:`zephyr/samples/hello_world` folder containing the sample.
#. Build the sample by running the following command

   .. code-block:: console

>       west build -b nrf54l15dk_nrf54l15_cpuapp@soc1

Reviewer: I see we updated nrf54l.rst with:
nrf54l15pdk_nrf54l15_cpuapp for PDK revision v0.2.1, AB0-ES7.
nrf54l15pdk_nrf54l15_cpuapp@0.3.0 for PDK revision v0.3.0.

So this "west build -b nrf54l15dk_nrf54l15_cpuapp@soc1" is then no longer correct.

Author: Thanks! updated across the document
